I got to the office super early this morning. Mostly because I didn't realize what time it was when I left. I think my body has not fully adapted to the new time zone. 7 hour difference and only 2 hours of darkness plays tricks on the mind. 
1. This morning before I arrived, I got a notification from Fujitsu with some follow-up questions. I'm working on those first thing. 
2. After attemtpting to write up answers to all of the clients questions, I ran the information by Simen. He told me not to recommend the frontend ever. It's outdated and doesn't run very well. Instead, do --install-node on both nodes, and then use dis_mkconf to adjust the dishosts file and specify the IP addresses for each node. The networkmgr actually does very little now. It used to handle a lot of tasks, but not anymore. Much of it has been embedded.
3. I booked my conference in Phoenix. It's August 10-13 in Scottsdale technically. 
4. I need to talk with Paul and Kevin about Phoenix and see what kind of Demo they would like to do. I think maybe having a pci camera jump from one screen to another would be cool, and maybe have an external GPU in an Ebox being used by two nodes would be cool too. 
5. I need to start a shopping cart for all of the things I want to buy for my travelling demos and office. 
6. PERSONAL PROJECT > This is really kind of a side project, but I think it would be cool to add this file system to my website do that people could see exactly what I'm working on. I'd just have to be careful what I post. 
7. I downloaded Draw.io to my work laptop and I drew out the diagram for the disappearing ink app. 
8. I finished the response to the client, and I sent it over to Simen to approve. He has not responded. Hopefully I can send that out by the end of the day. I know the client would appreciate that. 
9. Roy just came by to check how things were going. He told him all of the things that I have been working on. I am learning a lot about troubleshooting the system. I hope he recognizes that. 
10. Roy took me on a tour of the lab. We had looked before, but as my understanding of the clusters grows, I'm capable of understanding more advanced systems. This is what I was shown.
    a. The first thing Roy wanted to show me is the switches. He told me I should configure a switch to work with the basic 2 node system that I have been working on. Each switch has six 4-lane ports with two LEDS above each lane. One switch can be set to run x4, x8, or x16 so they can host between 6 and 24 nodes theoretically. The LED on the right shows an indication as to how the switch is configured. A yellow light in every lane means that it is set to x4 and can host 24 nodes. A yellow light every other lane means it can host 12 nodes at x8 speed, and a light every fourth node is full-width, but it can only host 6 nodes. 6 nodes is still a lot. Starting next week I will start working with a switch. 
    b. Roy also showed me a 3-node cluster that is very small and can be taken to trade shows with an expansion box. The Ebox has 8 PCI x16 slots. Even pro motherboards only have 2. The applications for this are still a little unclear, but I know it's meant for training Ai and ML. It's probably the most similar thing we have going to the SPAN and Nvidia neighborhood data centers concept. 
    c. Roy wants me to pull my thesis demo from Github and modify it to work on two nodes instead of 3. Then I can start playing with that code to understand it better. I'll do that today, and it will give me something to work on over the weekend. 
    